[scheduler][primitive] Improve the drag&drop and the `TimeGrid.Column` API (#18983)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/scheduler/primitives/primitives.md

{{"demo": "TimeGridPrimitiveStartEndTime.js", "bg": "inline", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

### Drag and drop

> - Add the `isDraggable` props to the `TimeGrid.Event` part to enable the re-scheduler of the events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the `isDraggable` prop to the `TimeGrid.Event` part to enable the re-scheduling of the events
```

- Render a `TimeGrid.EventResizeHandler` inside the `TimeGrid.Event` part to enable the resizing of the events
- Use the `TimeGrid.useColumnPlaceholder()` to render a placeholder of the event being dragged

{{"demo": "TimeGridPrimitiveDragAndDrop.js", "bg": "inline", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

### Drag and drop to update resource

> - Add a `columnId` to the `TimeGrid.Column` part to identify which columns the event is being dropped in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a `columnId` to the `TimeGrid.Column` part to identify which column the event is being dropped inside of
```
